hey guys so I just want to thank all of
you who have clicked on my holiday look
um featuring the Lancome oscillation I
was in a I still am in a contest for the
power look makeup contest by Lancome um
the contest ends februari first and I
really really really need you guys to
please vote for me again and again
throughout the rest of January um vote
for me i'll put a link right here right
here and basically this link is going to
just click to that channel you can watch
a couple of minutes of it or you can
minimize it and let it run and do your
own thing on your computer but please
please please i really really want to
win I'm so far I'm in second place
number two so I really really want to
win and oh my gosh if I win I will love
you guys forever like if I win this is
my plan there will be three people who
will win fifty dollars to Mac so um you
guys all you have to do is enter a
comment in the video that I'll put up if
I win or not and i will be giving three
people each fifty dollars to mac so i
really hope i win please click on the
link and tell everyone that you know to
click on the link and please keep on
clicking till februari first i will
really really appreciate it and just
because you guys are so generous for
doing that I'm going to be generous back
and I'm going to be giving out in total
it'll be one hundred and fifty dollars
to math but there will be three winners
fifty dollars each so please vote for me
i will love you forever like literally
um but yeah so that's just my quick
message for today check my other Fitness
channel I'm putting more videos on that
I've been missing in action on that
channel so please check that out and if
you want follow me on Twitter all links
will be in the sidebar and the link for
the contest
will also be in the sidebar also where I
did that funny but yeah I'll see you
guys later bye guys thank you